[DISCO-2574] Ability to run tests using docker workflow (#178)
mozilla-services/consvc-shepherd: docs/testing.md

## Local Test Execution

> To execute unit tests locally, run: `make local_test`.

Reviewer: This may be a little misleading, since it's not actually running tests locally but in the docker image. Perhaps rephrasing like: 
```suggestion
To execute unit tests in the local Docker container, run: `make local_test`.
```

My one other nit is that I see the Makefile convention is often to use a hyphen over an underscore (like in Merino), so perhaps `local-test` instead? Not really a big deal though.

> To execute unit tests in the local Docker container, run: `make local_test`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To execute unit tests in the local Docker container, run: `make local-test`.
```
